so back towards residents
there's another view of the Parker
building parking lot
mostly what we have up here our
residences bus stops
till
Plus
and come down here
more residents of their parking lot
and we come down here these are some of
the newer buildings of laurentian
French language teachers college up here
on the right and if you look straight
forward but a lot of people probably
don't know about Sudbury is yes
laurentian university has a medical
school along with the Lakehead
University the newest medical school in
Canada let's go up here
this has put up this past year that is
the new English language school of
education then we're coming up to the
physical arts building which is
currently under renovation or actually
haven't been here in a few months but
they might actually have finished it is
there we go get up here on the right new
section of the physical education
building here's the track
the hills around here
see it up here on the right this is the
old section physical education building
wrote many an exam there where our
physical education building the other
direction after I've turned
and now we are headed back down opposite
direction back towards Teachers College
Medical School
stop here for a second take a look at
the views beautiful area
up here there is children's day care
center a few other things
come there there's the other view of the
new school of education or not this was
actually the best time to open up a
school of education building but hey I
didn't do the planning go up here this
is opposite side Northern Ontario School
of Medicine
come back up
and we approach more rocks
and I will conclude my tour by showing
you where we got stuck parking and it
did not matter if you were an undergrad
or graduate soon we're all stuck here
it's called the pit another nice view
in an area see more the residences
lots and lots of hills so we come up
here there's more construction going in
right
we bottle
dad as we leave here's the pit
where we got stuck parking and that's
the hill we had to walk up every freakin
day which is probably one of the
downsides oh I guess good if you're
looking for exercise
our passing the pet essentially it's one
big circle and as we conclude our tour
back up to the main satellites
so we're passing the lights
and then the last view another view of
the engineering building and as we leave
campus
thank you for watching my next
University tour will be a completely
different University in every way
possible the University of Western
Ontario thank you for watching